### 9/4/23 - 9/8/23
- Time has flown by too quick and can feel the pressure to finish the project on a timely manner. Everyone is working on the frontend. I'm personally having some struggles. I eventually reached out to one of the instructors and they mentioned that it will be best to add code to the Signup Form where I will have to do a POST so when an account gets created, it creates a profile page associated with the account and redirects to the profile page. Then my profile page should only be a PUT at this point.
### 8/28/23 - 8/31/23
- I personally have been a hard time with my endpoints since I haven't been able to fix my code so I don't get the same ongoing errors. Was able to get help on my endpoints and now are all functional. Now time to protect them. Was able to do a merge request to save my work and have my team pull my code. Silvano was able to complete his endpoints too. Wohoo! I shared my screen as we did mob programming to work on the frontend and authentication of the SignupForm. Had a couple errors and as a team we were able to debug them. It was caught that all of us had the token function exactly the same and we had to modify each one so the errors would go away.
### 8/21/23 - 8/25/23
- Kelly was able to complete more endpoints for the accounts page. We decided as a group to mob program the authentication for the accounts page so we all have a better understanding of how to proceed in our respective pages and code. Everyone else has started working on their respective endpoints and at times has been very difficult. Honestly everyone has been positive and supportive. Jaime was able to complete her endpoints.
### 8/14/23 - 8/17/23
- After presenting our project idea to the instructors, we were told we had to have a more simpler MVP so we have a chance of completing the project since time will be of the essence. Silvano was great since he took the initiative of creating a local repo and for the rest of the group to clone it. Jaime shared her screen as part of mob programming to add the code to requirements.txt, yaml file and created the folders for the backend. We have did have a psychopg error that gave us issues on multiple days until we were able to get it fixed. Kelly shared her screen as we continued with mob programming to create the FastAPI endpoint for the signup. Have had to rewatch the learn videos and instructor lessons to create the endpoints correctly. We had to present our progress with instructors as part of the weekly checkpoint.
### 8/7/23 - 8/11/23
- This first week of Mod3, we have gotten to learn a bit from each other, bounced ideas for the project and as a team we voted in what is the ideal project for us individually and as a team. We see high potential on this project and have agreed to keep working on it past the bootcamp to further expand our skills and the project.
